# react-native-sliding-tab-nav An npm package that provides a simple animated bottom tab navigator for React Native. ##Usage ###Importing needed components Import the navigator from the main module: ```javascript import SlidingTabNavigator, { Screen } from 'react-native-sliding-tab-nav'; ``` ###Rendering Navigator You can use the navigator by defining one like the following. SlidingTabNavigator accepts only Screen from this package as childs. To add a screen you can wrap any element into the 'Screen' component. ```javascript <SlidingTabNavigator tabStyle={{ backgroundColor: '#99f' }} scrollable> <Screen name='home' renderIcon={<Text>Ico</Text>}> <View style={[styles.screen, { backgroundColor: '#F76' }]} /> </Screen> <Screen name='test' renderIcon={<Text>Ico</Text>}> <View style={[styles.screen, { backgroundColor: '#595' }]} /> </Screen> </SlidingTabNavigator> ``` ###Navigator Props | Prop name | Prop type | required | description | | ------------ | ------------ | ------------ | ------------ | | initialRouteName | string | no | Name of the initial route. If left empty, the first route is the first child. | | scrollable | boolean | no | Toggle wheter the navigator should respond to swipe by changing screen. Default = false | | tabStyle | StyleProp<ViewStyle> | no | Style to apply to the bottom tab. | | withGradient | boolean | no |Toggle whether to use or not a gradient background. Default = false | | gradient | string[] | no | Array of colors to specify the gradients colors. Useless if withGradient is false | ###Screen Props | Prop name | Prop type | required | description | | ------------ | ------------ | ------------ | ------------ | | name | string | yes | Route Name. Needs to be unique in containing navigator | | renderIcon | ReactElement | yes | Icon to be rendered in the tabBar of the navigator. | | iconContainerStyle | StyleProp<ViewStyle> | no |style the container view of the single icon | | iconStyle | StyleProp<any> | no |style the icon | | renderHighlighted | ReactElement | no | Alternative element to display when icon is highlighted. If set, this overrides iconHighlightedStyle. | | iconHighlightedStyle | StyleProp<any> | no |Style to apply to the icon when state is highlighted. If renderHighlighted is set, this prop has no effect. | | label | string | no | label to put under the icon | | labelStyle | StyleProp<TextStyle> | no | style the label | ## Installation To install the package run the following inside your project directory: ```javascript npm install --save react-native-sliding-tab-nav ``` ## Examples You can find an app with usage examples in the 'example' directory in the project
